docs: Update outdated documentation and fix small grammar or spelling mistakes (#107)
aws/amazon-neptune-for-graphql: README.md

The Amazon Neptune utility for GraphQL&trade; is a Node.js command-line utility to help with the creation and maintenance of a GraphQL API for the Amazon Neptune Database or Neptune Analytics graph. It is a no-code solution for a GraphQL resolver when GraphQL queries have a variable number of input parameters and return a variable number of nested fields.

> If you **start from a Neptune database with data**, the utility discovers the graph database schema including nodes, edges, properties and edges cardinality, to generate the GraphQL schema with the directives required to map the GraphQL types to the graph databases nodes and edges, and auto-generate the resolver code. We optimized the resolver code to reduce the latency of querying Amazon Neptune by returning only the data requested by the GraphQL query. *(Note: the utility works only for Property Graph databases, not RDF yet)*

Reviewer: I might take this slightly further and break it into 2 sentences:
```suggestion
If you **start from a Neptune database with data**, the utility discovers the graph database schema including nodes, edges, properties and edges cardinality. This database schema is then used to generate the GraphQL schema with the directives required to map the GraphQL types to the graph databases nodes and edges, and auto-generate the resolver code. We optimized the resolver code to reduce the latency of querying Amazon Neptune by returning only the data requested by the GraphQL query. *(Note: the utility works only for Property Graph databases, not RDF yet)*
```

> If you **start from a Neptune database with data**, the utility discovers the graph database schema including nodes, edges, properties and edges cardinality. This database schema is then used to generate the GraphQL schema with the directives required to map the GraphQL types to the graph databases nodes and edges, and auto-generate the resolver code. We optimized the resolver code to reduce the latency of querying Amazon Neptune by returning only the data requested by the GraphQL query. *(Note: the utility works only for Property Graph databases, not RDF yet)*

Reviewer 2: It'll end up looking like this example from Graph Explorer.

![CleanShot 2025-06-16 at 09 51 54@2x](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fffe2b38-d008-41d1-b6c8-b218441b3124)

> If you **start from a Neptune database with data**, the utility discovers the graph database schema including nodes, edges, properties and edges cardinality. This database schema is then used to generate the GraphQL schema with the directives required to map the GraphQL types to the graph databases nodes and edges, and auto-generate the resolver code. We optimized the resolver code to reduce the latency of querying Amazon Neptune by returning only the data requested by the GraphQL query. *(Note: the utility works only for Property Graph databases, not RDF yet)*

Reviewer 3: Adopted suggestion

<br>

# Starting from a GraphQL schema and an empty Neptune database

> You can start from an empty Neptune database and use a GraphQL API to create the data and query it. Running the command below, the utility will automate the creation of the AWS resources. Your *your-graphql-schema-file* must include the GraphQL schema types, like in the TODO example [here](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility will analyze your schema and create an extended version based on your types. It will add queries and mutations for the nodes stored in the graph database, and in case your schema have nested types, it will add relationships between the types stored as edges in the graph database, again see the TODO example [here](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility creates an AppSync GraphQL API, and the required AWS resources, like a pair of IAM roles and a Lambda function with the GraphQL resolver code. As soon as the utility completes the execution, you will find in the AppSync console your new GraphQL API called *your-new-GraphQL-API-name*API. To test it, use the AppSync “Queries” from the menu. (*Note: follow the setup instructions below to enable your environment to reach the Neptune database and create AWS resources.*)

Reviewer 2: I can help set up Prettier to do this (or some other formatting tool) that will make this automatic.

> You can start from an empty Neptune database and use a GraphQL API to create the data and query it. Running the command below, the utility will automate the creation of the AWS resources. Your *your-graphql-schema-file* must include the GraphQL schema types, like in the TODO example [here](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility will analyze your schema and create an extended version based on your types. It will add queries and mutations for the nodes stored in the graph database, and in case your schema have nested types, it will add relationships between the types stored as edges in the graph database, again see the TODO example [here](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility creates an AppSync GraphQL API, and the required AWS resources, like a pair of IAM roles and a Lambda function with the GraphQL resolver code. As soon as the utility completes the execution, you will find in the AppSync console your new GraphQL API called *your-new-GraphQL-API-name*API. To test it, use the AppSync “Queries” from the menu. (*Note: follow the setup instructions below to enable your environment to reach the Neptune database and create AWS resources.*)

Reviewer 2: I can help set up Prettier to do this (or some other formatting tool) that will make this automatic.

> You can start from an empty Neptune database and use a GraphQL API to create the data and query it. Running the command below, the utility will automate the creation of the AWS resources. Your *your-graphql-schema-file* must include the GraphQL schema types, like in the TODO example [here](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility will analyze your schema and create an extended version based on your types. It will add queries and mutations for the nodes stored in the graph database, and in case your schema have nested types, it will add relationships between the types stored as edges in the graph database, again see the TODO example [here](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility creates an AppSync GraphQL API, and the required AWS resources, like a pair of IAM roles and a Lambda function with the GraphQL resolver code. As soon as the utility completes the execution, you will find in the AppSync console your new GraphQL API called *your-new-GraphQL-API-name*API. To test it, use the AppSync “Queries” from the menu. (*Note: follow the setup instructions below to enable your environment to reach the Neptune database and create AWS resources.*)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can start from an empty Neptune database and use a GraphQL API to create the data and query it. Running the command below, the utility will automate the creation of the AWS resources. 

Your *your-graphql-schema-file* must include the GraphQL schema types, like in the [TODO example](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility will analyze your schema and create an extended version based on your types. It will add queries and mutations for the nodes stored in the graph database, and in case your schema have nested types, it will add relationships between the types stored as edges in the graph database, again see the [TODO example](/doc/todoExample.md). 

The utility creates an AppSync GraphQL API and the required AWS resources, like a pair of IAM roles and a Lambda function with the GraphQL resolver code. As soon as the utility completes the execution, you will find in the AppSync console your new GraphQL API called *your-new-GraphQL-API-name*API. To test it, use the AppSync “Queries” from the menu.

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> 
> Follow the setup instructions below to enable your environment to reach the Neptune database and create AWS resources.
```

> You can start from an empty Neptune database and use a GraphQL API to create the data and query it. Running the command below, the utility will automate the creation of the AWS resources. Your *your-graphql-schema-file* must include the GraphQL schema types, like in the TODO example [here](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility will analyze your schema and create an extended version based on your types. It will add queries and mutations for the nodes stored in the graph database, and in case your schema have nested types, it will add relationships between the types stored as edges in the graph database, again see the TODO example [here](/doc/todoExample.md). The utility creates an AppSync GraphQL API, and the required AWS resources, like a pair of IAM roles and a Lambda function with the GraphQL resolver code. As soon as the utility completes the execution, you will find in the AppSync console your new GraphQL API called *your-new-GraphQL-API-name*API. To test it, use the AppSync “Queries” from the menu. (*Note: follow the setup instructions below to enable your environment to reach the Neptune database and create AWS resources.*)

Reviewer 3: I will revisit this on a subsequent PR
